Append-only logs are a key component of data streams.
In the previous section,
we discussed how data streams are immutable and have
a guaranteed ordering based on the time the data was produced.
The way that streaming data stores provide this guarantee
is typically by using append-only logs.
Append-only logs are text files in which
incoming events are written to the end of the log as they are received.
This simple concept of only ever appending or adding data to the end of a log file are
what allow stream processing applications to ensure that events are
ordered correctly even at a high throughput and scale.
We can take this idea a step further and say that in fact streams are append-only logs.
Append-only logs are text files in which
incoming events are written to the end of the log as they are received.
So we have an empty log file here.
As events occur they're going to be written onto log file.
So here we're using logs,and as you can see,
we would just keep appending logs to the file.
This simple concept of only ever appending or adding data to the end of
a log file are what allow stream processing applications to
ensure that events are oral correctly even at high throughput and scale.
We can take this idea a step further,
and I just want to emphasize this one more time and say
that streams are in fact append-only logs.